.TH netsck 7 2021-12-25 "API" "Javascript API Manual"

.SH NAME
netsck \- network utility tool

.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR netsck
is a network utility tool which enables to prototype or test network things.
It provides a shell inside which runs a javascript engine.
This manual will present the
.I netsck_Javascript_API
inside the shell.
.PP
.PP
Note that, shell supports multiline input with trailing escape '\\' character.

.SH ENGINE
Uses
.I QJSEngine
class to evaluate javascript codes
so anything which QJSEngine supports available to the user.

.SH METHODS

.TP
.B help( topic : string = "base-api" )
Opens the man page according to the topic.
If topic isn't given then opens this man page.

.TP
.B run( file_path : string )
Executes the lines inside the file.

.TP
.B dump( object : any )
Prints the content of any object to the stdout.

.TP
.B sleep( duration : int )
Sleeps current thread for specified duration.
Unit is milliseconds.

.TP
.B wait_key( timeout : int )
Waits for user to input a key and returns the value.
Key value is the value returned from
.B std::getchar().
If timeout expires function returns -1.
Unit of timeout is milliseconds.
Note that if timeout is -1 it works like there is no timeout.

.SH CLASSES
Detailed class documentations can be found through 
.B help()
with their class names.

.br
For example, help( "udp_socket" ).

.PP
\- PascalCase naming means the class is
.B singleton.
.PP
\- snake_case naming means the class is
.B instantiable.

.TP
.B socket
.br
Base class which provides an abstract base for socket classes.

.TP
.B udp_socket
Socket class which enables to send or receive udp datagrams.

.TP
.B Hex
.br
Singleton hexadecimal utility class which prints QByteArray
as hexadecimal or creates a QByteArray from hexadecimal string.

.SH EXAMPLE

// Create a 'send.js' and write some js code in it to make it worked
.br
run( "send.js" );

.br
var an_object = { \\
    user : "Ozan" , \\
    repo : "netsck" \\
.br
};
.br
dump( an_object )

.SH SEE ALSO
.B help("socket")
,
.B help("udp_socket")
,
.B help("Hex")